README.md, before:

# Docker image for building buildroot and buildroot-layer.

The purpose of this docker image is to be able to build buildroot inside a container running this image.

This includes running the scripts defined by buildroot-layer: `source-prepare.rb` and `build.rb`.

The image is based on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.

In order to use the `dr` (docker-run) script in dotconfig you must create a file called `.docker.env` in the root of your checkout.

This repository contains a .docker.env file you can copy.

Using the `dr` script enables you to automatically download the docker image from Microchip Artifactory:
https://artifacts.microchip.com/ui/repos/tree/Properties/docker%2Fmicrochip%2Fung%2Fbsp%2Fbsp-buildenv

The docker image executes as root by default, but we want the generated files
to be owned by the caller of the docker image.

The `.docker.env` file must add user and uid in the environment like this:
MCHP_DOCKER_PARAMS="... -e BLD_USER=$(id -un) -e BLD_UID=$(id -u) ..."

See how this is implemented in the `entrypoint.sh` file.

## Helper scripts

There are several helper scripts to build, pull, push and run this image.

The script names should be self-explanatory.

## TODO

* Reduce the size of the image for faster download
* Test with standard buildroot
* Test with Jenkins
* Find a better way to use `sudo` inside the container when running as an ordinary user
* Maybe use `bundler` instead of `gem install`

Commit message:

Add license information and remove helper scripts.

README.md, after:

# Docker image for building Microchip Buildroot based software packages.

The purpose of this Docker image is to be able to build Buildroot based software inside a container running this image.

This includes running the scripts defined by buildroot-layer: `source-prepare.rb` and `build.rb`.

The image is based on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.

In order to use the `dr` script from the `docker-run` repository, a file called `.docker.env` must be present
somewhere between the current directory and the root of the file system.

This repository contains a .docker.env file that can be used for this purpose.

Using the `dr` script enables automatic download of the docker image from a container repository.

Docker images executes as root by default, but Buildroot recommends to run all commands as a regular user and
this is why all commands are executed via the `entrypoint.sh` file.

The `.docker.env` file must add user and uid in the environment like this:
MCHP_DOCKER_PARAMS="... -e BLD_USER=$(id -un) -e BLD_UID=$(id -u) ..."

`entrypoint.sh` creates a user from these environment variables and allows the user to `sudo` without password.

At last the command is executed as this user.
